Reflection 1
How did viewing a diff between two version of a file help
you see the bug that wast introduced?

Response:
The -+ notation allows one to easily see lines that were
removed and added between versions.  As these lines were
display sequentially--and with the line number references--
one can easily locate the place in a program where a buggy
line is located.  If the more recent version of the file
is the one that is exhibiting the buggy behavior, than one can
easily see what new line introduced this behavior.


Reflection 2
How could having easy acces to the entire history of a file make
you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Response:
Access to the entire history of a file allows one to become a more
efficient programmer because one has access to a hard compy of 
different iterations of this program.  This will not only make
detecting and correcting bugs more efficient--as noted above--
but will also allow one to easily pick up from an earlier point
in the program should certain specifications change.

Refletion 3
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google docs does?

Response:
Manual commits allows one to save after each logical ste, allowing for 
a meaningful progression of versions.  However, if one gets to wrapped 
up in the task at hand, and disregards saving a version, one may end up 
with a more complex program that has bugs and no easy way to detect 
their location through reasonably adjacent versions.

Reflection 4
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, aloow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat 
each file separately?

Response:
I think the difference has much to do with how the end user is expected 
to typically use the version control system.  Git is more oriented to 
programmers, who will most likely need to create multiple files to 
contain the code for their program.  Also, information in these files 
often interacts with informtion from other files.  In contrast, Google 
Docs seems to be mainly used for word documents, spreadsheets, and 
photos.  These items can be worked on without having changes directly 
effect the information in another file.

Reflection 5
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history
of files?

Response:
git log allows one to view the commit history of files; when they
were made, comments on the updates, and the person who updated
them.
git diff shows the difference between versions; what lines were
removed and what lines were added.

Reflection 6
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
that might break something?

Response:
Confidence is increased because even if one introduces a complicated bug
that they are unable to uncover or do not have the time to do so, they 
can always revert back to the last working version.

Reflection 7
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using 
Git for?

Response:
Most immediately, I would like to use Git to develop a portfolio and
participate in open source projects to help strengthen my portfolio.


